{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red24\green52\blue151;\red83\green83\blue83;}
\vieww9600\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Interface and Stars:
\b0 \
	Todd Bruss\
\

\b Channel Update:\

\b0 	Todd Bruss\
	Joe Turner, Iced Cocoa\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://macscripter.net/viewtopic.php?id=36348"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf0 MacScripter / Snow Leopard Quicktime Recording Script}}\
by Todd Bruss\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720

\b \cf0 Open Source:
\b0 \
	MPlayer, FFMPEG, librtmp, cURL\
	HashValue (Matt Gallagher)\
	XMLReader (Troy Brant)\
	StatusItemController (Jonathan Nathan)\
\

\b Special Thanks to\
	
\b0 StarLight Donors\
	StarLight Beta Testers
\b \
	
\b0 StarPlayr Sponsors\
	NiceMac Users\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320

\f1\fs22 \cf0 StarLight is a Satellite Radio emulator. It is for experimental purposes only. NiceMac is not affiliated with SiriusXM. NiceMac does not sell or provide service for Satellite Radio. SiriusXM, SIR or XMRO internet radio subscription is required.\
\
StarLight is a front end gadget to MPlayer. StarLight connects to Mplayer, SVN-r33148-4.2.1 (C) 2000-2011 MPlayer Team, to receive audio through the CoreAudio driver. No modifications have been applied to the Mplayer source or the CoreAudio driver. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.mplayerhq.hu/design7/news.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Mplayer}} License {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 GPLv2}}\
\
Temporary StarLight License: StarLight is a prototype. It is unfinished. When the software is officially released, we will chose a more permanent license. All versions of StarLight are provided as is without warranty. This prototype is experimental and may not function.  SiriusXM Online account required (sold separately).\
\
StarLight Prototype \'a9 2010-2011 NiceMac.com StarLight, StarPlayr, StarGuide, StarMenu, StarSeekr, StarGazr and NiceMac and all related marks and logos are trademarks of NiceMac.com\
\
SiriusXM content only: 
\f2\fs18 \cf3 \'a9 2011 Sirius XM Radio Inc. Sirius, XM and all related marks and logos are trademarks of Sirius XM Radio Inc. All other marks, channel names and logos are the property of their respective owners. All rights reserved. "BBC" and "Radio One" are trademarks of the British Broadcasting Corporation and are used under license. BBC logo \'a9 BBC 1996. Radio 1 logo \'a9 BBC 2001. Cosmopolitan\'ae is a registered trademark of Hearst Communications, Inc. Elvis Radio logo \'a9 EPE Reg. U.S. Pat &TM off. IndyCar (and Design) are registered trademarks of Brickyard Trademarks, Inc., used with permission. Major League Baseball trademarks and copyrights are used with permission of MLB Advanced Media, L.P. All rights reserved. NASCAR\'ae is a registered trademark of the National Association for Stock Car Auto Racing, Inc. The NBA identifications are the intellectual property of NBA Properties, Inc. and the respective NBA member teams. \'a9 2011 NBA Properties, Inc. "NCAA" and the NCAA Basketball logo are registered trademarks of the National Collegiate Athletic Association. \'a9 2011 NFL Properties LLC. All NFL-related trademarks are trademarks of the National Football League. NHL, the NHL Shield and NHL Winter Classic word mark are registered trademarks and the NHL Winter Classic logo is a trademark of the National Hockey League. \'a9 NHL 2011. All NHL logos and marks and NHL team logos and marks depicted herein are the property of the NHL and the respective teams and may not be reproduced without the prior written consent of NHL Enterprises, L.P. The Swinger Golfer logo is a registered trademark of PGA TOUR, Inc. All other marks and logos are the property of their respective owners. FORMULA ONE, F1 & the FORMULA 1/F1 logo are trademarks of Formula One Licensing BV and are licensed by Formula One Administration Limited, a Formula One Group Company.}